[backend] Fix auth part (#24)
MeowdoptMe/MeowdoptMeApp: BackendApp/README.md

4. Run `source env/bin/activate` on Ubuntu or `env/Scripts/activate` on Windows - to open virtual environment
5. Run `make requirements` - to install needed packages
6. Make database and migrations with `make updatedb`

> 7. If you want to load initial data for db you can run `make prepare`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. If you want to load sample initial data for the database you can run `make prepare`
```
